Add option to create usernames from email-id's local part (#77)
matrix-org/matrix-synapse-ldap3: README.rst

        bind_password: "ch33kym0nk3y"
        #filter: "(objectClass=posixAccount)"

If you want to use the local part of email-id as username in synapse.

> configure 

Reviewer: this needs rewording for clarity too. 'configure' is not a sentence.

.. code:: yaml

   attributes:
     uid: "email"
     mail: "email"
     name: "givenName"

> for eg:email = ``local_part@domain.com`` then userid on matrix will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example, if the returned email address is ``local_part@domain.com``, then the Matrix user ID will be
```
